Zhao Yunjie, have you lost your memory?
Since the Thien Nhat Cac
Our appointment has been cancelled.
This engagement was made between me and your father.
Did the kids say remove is remove?
Son, look at your family.
Every day you come home suddenly one General Zhao is missing.
This is threatening me.
You can make his money.
Well then, I'll send it to you too.
If my house is missing any of these.
I will let the entire Trieu family be buried with you.
Hum really loud.
So it's yours.
Isn't this Mr. Trieu?
Mary, this is the eagle you spoke of.
Yes, he is Truong Huc Dong.
Don't blame your brother for talking too much.
Do you see what he has?
Young master of the Shang Zhao family, big brother.
How many times have I told you?
I don't like Zhao Yunjie.
Why are you forcing me?
This is not up to you.
Okay, Mary.
We don't argue with him.
This is my big brother.
Normally just spend time drinking.
I don't know why lately
Suddenly mind my own business.
This.